doc: nrf5340audio: add docs for new apps (#37)
alexsven/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/shortcuts.txt

.. |nrf5340_audio_net_core_hex_note| replace:: The network core for both gateway and headsets is programmed with the precompiled Bluetooth Low Energy Controller binary file :file:`ble5-ctr-rpmsg_<XYZ>.hex`, where *<XYZ>* corresponds to the controller version, for example :file:`ble5-ctr-rpmsg_3216.hex`.
   This file includes the LE Audio Controller Subsystem for nRF53 and is provided in the :file:`nrf/lib/bin/bt_ll_acs_nrf53/bin` directory.
   If :ref:`DFU is enabled <nrf53_audio_app_configuration_configure_fota>`, the subsystem's binary file will be generated in the :file:`build/zephyr/` directory and will be called :file:`net_core_app_signed.hex`.
.. |nrf5340_audio_external_devices_note| replace:: Nordic Semiconductor seeks to provide seamless interoperability with as many LE Audio devices as possible.
   However, vendors have reached different levels of maturity in their implementation.
   Also, different platforms have different methods of connecting, pairing, and streaming.
   For these reasons, providing a general guide on how to test with external devices is challenging.

>    The suggested approach is to test with Nordic Semiconductor devices on both sides first to verify basic funcitonalities and get aquainted with the solution before using custom devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The suggested approach is to test with Nordic Semiconductor devices on both sides first to verify basic functionalities and get acquainted with the solution before using custom devices.
```
